Chimpu , the young monkey was known to be a troublemaker .
He would never miss an opportunity to play tricks on others or make fun of them .
He would trip Tinu rabbit 's kids when they hopped around and snatch food from Binky squirrel 's young ones .
Chimpu 's mother constantly received complaints from all the animals .
She tried telling that if he rubbed everyone on the wrong side , he might get into trouble someday .
But Chimpu did not listen to his mother .
He continued to come up with new ways to annoy the animals in the neighbourhood .
One day , Monu deer was sitting outside his house and eating a guava .
Chimpu noticed him from up a tree nearby and had an idea to annoy Pinku .
He tip-toed up to Monu , snatched the guava and rushed back up the tree .
" Give me back my guava ! " cried Monu .
On hearing him cry , his mother Dina rushed out to see what had happened .
When she saw Chimpu up on the tree with Monu 's guava , she understood .
" Chimpu !
Return the guava to Pinku right away , " said Dina sternly .
Chimpu laughed and continued to eat the guava .
This angered Dina .
" That is it !
I have had enough of his antics .
Everyone in this neighbourhood is also fed up of his behaviour .
Let me teach him a lesson , " Dina thought to herself and went back inside along with Pinku .
A couple of days later , Chimpu was playing near a tree when Dina quietly came up from behind and caught him .
Chimpu was taken by surprise .
Dina swiftly carried him deep into the forest .
" What are you doing , Aunt Dina ?
Where are you taking me ? " asked Chimpu , struggling to escape from her grip .
" Stay quiet , you naughty monkey !
It is high time someone taught you a lesson and I am doing just that ! " said Dina .
Dina walked quite a distance into the forest and tied Chimpu to a tree .
" You can stay here till you learn how to behave , " said Dina , turning to walk away .
" Aunty , wait !
Please do not leave me here .
I am scared ! " cried Chimpu .
" I promise not to play pranks on anyone anymore .
Please take me back to my mother . "
Dina turned a deaf ear to his pleas and walked away .
Chimpu continued to cry for help , but no one could hear him .
Gradually , darkness fell .
Chimpu was scared and tired from all the struggling and screaming .
Suddenly , Chimpu heard some footsteps .
He became scared .
Sheru tiger stepped out from amid the bushes .
Everyone in the forest was afraid of him .
" Please do not eat me , Uncle Sheru ! " cried Chimpu .
" I am sorry for all that I have done .
I promise not to trouble anyone anymore . "
" What do you mean ? " asked Sheru puzzled .
He was surprised to see Chimpu tied to a tree in the middle of a forest .
He immediately freed him and said , " I came here because I heard someone crying .
What happened ?
Who tied you up ? "
Chimpu narrated everything to him .
Sheru became angry .
" Come with me ! " he said , dragging Chimpu along to Dina 's house .
Dina was surprised to see Sheru at the door .
She became nervous when she saw Chimpu along with him .
" Is this any way to treat a child ? " roared Sheru .
" Whatever he may have done , you could have explained his mistake to him in a nice way .
How would you feel if someone punished your child this way ? "
Dina hung her head in shame .
Sheru calmed down a bit and said , " What you did was irrational .
If something had happened to him , imagine his parents ' plight .
There are ways of dealing with a problematic child .
Inducing fear is certainly not a solution . "
" Forgive me , Sheru .
I was acting out of impulse and anger .
He is a child and I should have treated him like one , " said Dina .
She turned to Chimpu and said , " I am sorry , Chimpu .
I did not mean to scare you .
I just wanted you to learn that what you did was wrong and I explained that to you nicely . "
" It is okay , Aunt Dina .
I know I pushed you to do this .
I need to change my behaviour and I promise to do it , " said Chimpu smiling .
That day on , Chimpu stuck to his promise and everyone was happy for him .
